five ounces of plain flour half a
teaspoon of baking powder and a pinch of
salt and they've been sifted and then in
my jug here I've got three fluid ounces
of water and this is buttermilk you can
buy cultured buttermilk at the dairy
section you'll find it in cartons it's
quite easy to get hold of and what I'm
using here is 4 ounces of buttermilk so
that's going to join the water now and
then I'm just going to whisk that
together because that forms part of the
liquid for the pancakes there we go
now I'm just going to make a little well
in the center as I did before and then
I'm going to pour this in and start
mixing it as I did before with the
Yorkshire pudding with the electric
whisk so we'll pour a bit in and start
to add it gradually and the recipe for
these pancakes was given to me I was
very privileged to have a trip to Canada
and I had the most wonderful brunch I've
ever had in my life in a Sugar Shack and
this is where I had these pancakes and
the lady who cooked them for me was very
kind to give me her recipe now go to add
eggs I've got three eggs here and that's
just going to go in just as we did
before bit by bit
and what we're going to need to do here
once again is just go around the edges
of the bowl with a spatula just to get
the little lumps that are sticking
around the edge and then go in with a
whisk on a high speed what you end up
with is a lovely smooth lump free batter
there we are that's ready now for us to
make our pancakes just let that drip a
bit and take it over to the hob now to
cook the pancakes as with traditional
English pancakes the best cooking medium
is lard and what I've got here is a
frying pan with about and not even that
just just the base is just covered with
with melted lard and what I'm going to
do is let that come up to heat now the
good thing about lard is you can see
when it's hot enough because it gives
off quite a bit of smoke
okay that's up to heat now and we're
going to make three pancakes and you
need one tablespoon of batter for each
pancake you need to have that depth
because they pop up and if you don't
have that depth of cooking fat what
happens is that the edges don't get nice
and brown you need to cook them probably
about 45 seconds on each side and that
one is ready now to go over so we'll
flip that one over and sometimes when
you turn them over
little bits leak out but that just makes
them look pretty they just get sort of
little frilly edges
and the effect is you get some lovely
crispy edges they're just about ready
now just have a look underneath make
sure they're nice and brown underneath
yep that's fine so we'll just turn the
heat out and take them over what you
need to have is a warm serving plate and
then what I like to do when I serve them
is first of all put them on to some
juicing paper just to drain off any
excess fat that might be there and then
just slide that out
you